Now let's take a look at the most medical modelling of electric systems we are considering.
Only these are LC circuits.
Remember that's the objective of this section is to present how to develop the best medical modelling
of some important systems and patents that we do as a process smuggling or not providing deep information
about the physics of these systems.
Same as the mechanical systems there are some important components in any electric systems.
They are number one resistor a resistor is an electric components that resists the current flow and
resistance V of T equals to r which is a resistor constant times.
Are you t
a capacitor.
It's also known as condenser the capacitor is used to store energy in an electric field.
So if you're building an electric systems and you want to store energy for some time and after that
you use it.
We use capacitor and capacitor V of T equals to 1 over C times integration of IE D.T. and inductor and
inductor or coil resists change in electric current passing through it when I can't throw an inductor
energies toward temporary but this time in form of magnetic field V of T equals two L times D I buy
the t to solve our LC problems we use cash flows we have two lows Casey L or cash of current flow and
K L or cash flow voltage low Casey l Casey l state Z the sum of electrical current entering and exiting
and nude in a circuit must be equal and Kaveh l state Z the sum of voltage differences around any closed
loop in a circuit is 0 there are two types of RLC circuits series and peril.
This is an example of a serious circuit assembled here is voltage E I and the output is e all current
ie flows and a circuit which consists of three components coil resistor and capacitor by applying Kaveh
L on the first loop and the I buy the t plus R times I plus one of C integration i.e. t equals to e
I the second loop one of our C times integration I t equals to E L taking the plus transformation less
times I off as plus R times IV s plus one of our c s times I've s equals to E all of us the second equation
one over C as times I F as equals 2 e all farce.
So the transfer function e all over E R equals to one over it'll C S A squared plus our C S plus one
another circuit the circuit has three loops by applying K vehicle on the first loop are one I one plus
one over C one times integration of the current flows and the capacitor which is the difference between
i1 and i2 so 1 over a c 1 times integration of i1 minus I2 t equals 2 e I second loop are two times
I two plus one over C1 integration this time I two minus i1 T plus one over C two integration I two
DTA equals two zero.
Third loop e all equals to one over C two times integration of I2 D.T. taking the plus transformation
one over C one s times I want S minus I2 s plus R 1 I want as equals 2 e I second equation one over
C 1 s times I 2 minus i1 plus R two times I two plus one of our C two times as times I 2 equals two
zero sir the equation one over two as times I two as equals to equal.
If you want to draw as a plug diagram of the following model.
Think about it if the input is E I and output is e 0 so if we go from e i to i 1 from the first equation
and from I want to I 2 from the second equation we can go finally from I 2 2 8 0 which is output in
the third equation because e 0 equals 2 I 2 times 1 over C 2 s so you fi plus I 2 times 1 over C 1 s
and the result is multiplied by 1 over C 1 times s plus R to produce i1 I want is multiplied by one
over C one s over are two plus one over C 1 s plus one over a C two s to get s eye to eye to is and
feed it back and I two is also multiplied by one of our C two s to get equal
in some cases the components can p in peril.
In this case it's easier to model the system and as domain rather than te domain s domain modelling
we replace each component with what we call impedance in time domains resistance is R button as domain
we replace R with impedance Z DHA which is actually equals to r the coil L in t domain and an S domains
it l equals two L times s capacitor C and as domain is one over C S and then we ride the system different
equation directly in as domain let's see an example in this example is the input is v i and output is
V.S. and we have two loops R and L are connected in parallel so I will not have this problem in estimate
estimating the circuit and as the looks like this just replace each component with its impedance.
Now we can replace as it R and Z L was equivalent impedance they are connected in parallel so Z are
L equals to Z R times Z L overs R plus it l now applying KP L V IV as equals to IV s times Z C plus
it r l the C of as equals to IV as times Z R L so v c over V R equals 2 z R L over Z C plus Z RL And
who knows at Z R equals to R Z L equals two L s and finally Z C equals 2 1 over C S.